# GAME-SHIELD Website for the Prevention of Online Harms in Video Games

This website is made to help people understand some of the online harms found through online reviews.

## Layout

The home page of the app is initially split into the main header and the content of the current page. There are three pages:
- **Home:** Where the apps are listed to be searched, selected, and read about.
- **About:** Where information about GAME-SHIELD is given.
- **Contact:** Where users can contact the GAME-SHIELD team.

### Main Header

The main header contains the functionality to navigate between these pages. If the window is wider than 715 pixels (assumed Desktop), then the navigation for the pages is presented as a Nav Bar. Otherwise (assumed Mobile), the navigation is a scaffold opened by a burger Icon Button.

### Home Content

The Home Content (named App Search Content) starts with a search bar for filtering results, as well as two dropdowns for sorting the results and for choosing how many results are shown per page.

The apps are presented as a list with an app logo, title, developer, publisher, rating, number of downloads, and available platforms. These are all clickable.

When clicking the button, the data for online harms is presented in one of two ways. If the window width is greater than 1000 pixels, the content view will be split into two. The list of apps will be on the left side and the harm data will be on the right side. If the window width is less than 1000 pixels, then the harm data will appear as a pop up that can be closed with an icon button on the top right.

## Functionality

The content of the pages is changed through a Tab Bar View and Tab Controller, which is updated based upon interactions with the navigation menus in the mobile and desktop view.

### Home Content

The list of apps are generated by getting data from a Firebase Firestore Database. Currently, it only gets data on the first build (with functionality available to force reloading the data).

Firestore does not allow for querying and filtering data with strings before getting it from the database (not without a third-party application). Considering the data is very lightweight for each app, it gets all the data from the database and then filters and sorts it all on the front-end.

A vast majority of the functionality of the Home page is within the wdiget App Search Content.
